
1. kernel panic, overwritten by dfb, out of range overwritten ioremap mmap space, kernel space memset/memcpy not generate page_fault, 
   because kernel has its own exception handler for memset/memcpy

2. pcreate_thread failed, duo to pending signal, kernel do_fork() failed. 

3. DFB HDCP fail duo to av driver change to use kernel thread to init fw, fw is not ready to init HDCP key 

4. video player pause during application loading, because high priority real time player thread writing to log file will be blocked
   Change real time player to use pipe for log, another low priority thread read log from pipe and write to output file

5. dma load fw, src is flush by mmap in request_firmware
   random FW init failure, FW end of data is not correct, flush dcache to fix the issue

6. iso9660 ls takes 20 seconds for 4500 photo files in root folder, becaue iso9660 file dentry search is using brute force search algorithm
   the search time is exponential growth based on file number inside the directory folder.
   Add hash function to speed up iso file lookup search, use 1 second to finish 

7. use another Proc to do display refresh every 300ms while kernel bootup, to fix splash image broken issue

8. for user space encryption, add cacheflush system call support in kernel

9. kernel system hung detection, because block_size is wrong after dvd player open /dev/sr0, grow_buffer deadloop

10. udf mount multi-session dvd-r disc failure, because VRS is after 4GB, fixed two kernel udf support bugs    

11. Mount specific WD USB HDD not stable, because this disc return incorrect status for USB REQ_STATUS command, causes host seems not able to
    detect HDD plug in, and skip USB device enumration handshake. Fixed in host side USB driver, to workaround this issue.  
 
12. application crash with -mlong-call and -O2, suspect toolchain bug, use gdb to trace, r13 is changed after push/pop with statfs syscall.
    statfs.h structure mismatch between kernel and uclibc, fix in kernel  

13. i2c hotplug duo to HDMI cable unplug, use gpio to set scl, sda to high, back to idle state


Others:
1. porting av driver to VxWorks, no user space and kernel space memcopy, same as QNX, MQX
2. WinCE driver, platform builder, Windows XP/Vista driver DDK, WinDGB
3. optimization performance
4. debug long term stability issue
5. smp 
6. Linux kernel, fs/vfs, block drivers, io drivers, memory management, dma, cache, 